if this reason they must not lower the
guard if they want to point to the title
we are at the final click and every point on
lost point conquered do the
difference
llorente
tevez touch for wide lichtsteiner
there is pressure on him
eye look for rigor
cross in the middle
it will be the juve resume the game flies
line out
here is the excellent parade shot
ball that ends up in a corner
great Shiite closure a great talk
show not only for the city difference
among all the lovers of football and for
someone things moves the top ropes
this network confirms its exceptional
quality sees the door as few others
galaxy gol al and for the viola joaquín
fernandes
huge big
only
end without corner the goalkeeper
remains still retrieves the ball
splendid the play seek spaces
cross eye mario gomez only
side in favor of the Florentine
borja valero
the one target was completely missed
bad conclusion is missing completely
the target
ugly postponement what is equal to that
the game also changes psychologically
they have therefore drawn an aura
helps to hunt for goals
search the net
and steals from above
rodriguez
flourishing
ball out will be ropes
this is a very balanced situation
may be the move capable of change
the match
Give him a corner kick again
chiellini is here they would certainly have
pizarro
joaquín
try the blow and now I'm in
benefit
and barrel already is 2 to 1
tip the area
violent
this network is reported as being equal
putting it in with an extraordinary one
volley and yes the player has
found
pizarro
but of fernandes
borja valentino opportunity for the Florentine
penalty kick for the Florentine
this is a tactical change to try
change the history of a race so far
balanced puts it inside
juve chasing the goal
eye to the cross
great vidal defensive reading
ball towards the partner
here the shot saves its own door with
a great and chiellini
vidal but praised and recovered
and I am contracted can be decisive
so the whistle of the year arrives
exciting match now that we have
commented on many occasions even a few
mistake but certainly great show